Akagami? Listen up!
Yuzuki and Tsukuyo
clearly weren't up to the task
of facing you.
-Hey!
So, now it's up to me
to save this temple!
Mia, I'm not sure
you really understand.
Don't worry.
I won't ask him to leave
after I defeat him.
[MIA]
No, Akagami.
I have a different punishment
in mind.
Namely, that I'll castrate you.
[all shock]
You. You will?
-What a great idea!
-"Great?" Really?
[YUZUKI] Look after things
while I'm gone,
-will you, Akagami?
-[AKEMITSU] Yes, of course!
-And try to get along with Mia.
-Um. What's "castrate" mean?
-[surprised]
Just don't worry about it.
-[Tsukuyo laugh]
-But if you have to,
then work it out
with your fists!
Of course! [question]
-[YUZUKI] All right, we're off!
[AKEMITSU] Have a good day!
[MIA]
Akagami!
Are you ready for our duel?
Yes, Mia.
[MIA]
Calling me by my first name?
How very presumptuous.
Mia Christoph, to be precise.
And I was lodging here
long before you ever showed up!
Seniority!
I see.
So, we're in the same boat?
We're not in the same anything!
Honestly! Not that it's any
of your business...
-Oh, and I'm Kagura.
-Pleased to meet you.
Hey, don't ignore me!
I'm a fellow lodger
at the convent,
as well as Mia's attendant.
Ah, does that mean
you're also her sister?
-Older sister, yes.
-We aren't sisters!
And you are not older than me!
I was thinking, Mia.
Why not call off
this "duel" business?
Huh? Are you mocking me?
Surely you haven't forgotten
the atrocity you perpetrated!
[confused]
I truly hate you
for what you've done!
I swear it!
I will castrate you!
♪
-"Atrocity." Remind me-
-[angry]
[giggles]
So, uh. What's the plan?
[MIA]
Hyakunin Isshu.
Long ago, there was a samurai
who saved a hundred lives
by bringing one life to an end.
And the contest
to select that savior
is known as Hyakunin Isshu!
Japan's national sport!
Uh, pretty sure it isn't!
Ready? Let's begin!
[AKEMITSU]
Okay.
She's serious.
[MIA]
Prepare yourself.
Next time, I'll pierce the skin.
[AKEMITSU]
This looks bad.
Still, whatever happens,
I won't hurt Mia.
Very well. I did warn you!
[AKEMITSU]
Bare-handed Sword Stopper!
[grunts]
Let's go!
Huh? Goodness me. [giggles]
[giggles]
[AKEMITSU] Her breasts.
They popped out.
Look away!
[AKEMITSU]
Grant me salvation!
There they are!
[shock]
[AKEMITSU]
And they're utterly magnificent!
Whoa, are you all right, Mia?
[KAGURA]
My, my.
That settles it, then!
In light of her loss,
Mia will have to be penalized.
You really crapped out,
huh, Mia?
No way. My binding.
What do you say, Akagami?
How should Mia be punished?
[AKEMITSU]
I have to decide?
Oh. If you're having trouble,
please allow me!
I have here an extremely
rare collection of penances.
An encyclopedia of the world's
most unusual ascetic practices,
one of which
we'll impose on Mia!
[AKEMITSU] A collection
of penances? For real?
Oh, take a look at this one.
It involves inserting objects
into every orifice
and enduring various things.
Can you imagine?
-[MIA] Every orifice?
-Yep.
-Various things?
-I'll do it!
-Wait a second!
-Don't you pity me!
-[AKEMITSU] Please, hear me out!
If it's up to me,
there's something else I want.
What is it?
What I want from you is...
Right there.
[question]
Do we have a deal?
[scared] Hold on, seriously?
What you want from me is-
-I'll be really careful!
-But. I mean...
Come on!
Give me just one night!
Just one night?
Long enough to try
a few things out!
Try a few things out?
Please. I want it so bad.
[MIA]
Absolutely, no freaking way!
-You keep your hands off me!
-My, my.
[giggle]
[AKEMITSU]
Oh, well.
Tried to play nice,
but it just didn't work out.
It really is a shame.
Such an interesting book.
I'm sure it would point me
towards enlightenment.
[MIA] Let's settle this
once and for all.
Mia, what are you...
[nervous]
One night, just like you said.
I'm ready to accept my penalty
now.
[AKEMITSU] I don't understand
what's happening.
I sort of felt like
I was running away.
So, um...
[MIA]
Here.
Do what you want.
But hurry up.
This is really embarrassing
for me.
[groans]
This is what you wanted, right?
It's fine.
Everything will be fine.
Really. After all...
-[shock]
-This dream we're experiencing
will only last for tonight.
[AKEMITSU]
Dream? I see.
So this is a dream.
In that case.
I mean, it's not like
anyone's watching.
-Wait, Kagura?
-Hey.
This is really happening!
Mia! Why on Earth
are you doing this?
[scared] Well, you know...
[AKEMITSU] [realize]
The penalty. Of course.
I get it now.
Please, this isn't necessary!
I understand if you don't want
to hand over
the "Collection of Penances",
but you don't have
to surrender your virtue!
I can only imagine
what that toll must be worth
but nevertheless...
You're saying all you wanted
from me was a book?
[AKEMITSU]
Yes! Of course! Hold on.
What did you think
I was pointing at earlier?
[screams]
My, my, my. You two.
Not quite on the same page, huh?
I've never been so embarrassed
in my entire life!
How could this happen?
How could I have gotten things
so wrong?
[panting, sigh]
What business does a man have
in a place like this, anyway?
I'll hide in the shed
and meditate.
-Hello.
-[MIA] It's him!
Kagura told me
I might find you here.
[MIA]
Damn you, Kagura!
[AKEMITSU]
So what are you up to?
That's none of your concern.
[MIA]
Huh? No way!
I can't get the door open.
[humming]
[AKEMITSU] The window's clearly
not an option.
We don't have our phones.
And even if we yell,
will anyone hear us?
I doubt it. Huh.
We may be stuck in here
till morning.
Please stay away from me.
[AKEMITSU]
Here, take this blanket.
It's cold.
[MIA] I don't want anything
that's been touched by a man.
[AKEMITSU] I'll just leave it
over here, then.
What a peculiar desk.
Mia. What's this?
Why should I have to answer
any of your questions?
It's a sutra transcription desk.
It's for displaying
the heads of those who turn away
from the Buddha's teachings.
Seriously?
[MIA]
That's what Kagura told me.
I'm sure your head
will sit there, eventually.
To think you'd join a temple
without knowing something
so basic.
[sniffle, sneeze]
Sure you don't want this?
I don't need it.
It'll only get colder
during the night.
Stay away!
-You'll catch a cold!
-No. Don't!
-Stop being so stubborn.
-Just leave me alone!
-[stern]
-[panic]
I'm telling you,
if you don't keep your distance,
I'm gonna get turned on!
Huh?
Uh, turned on?
[MIA]
No. I mean-
[crying]
Damn it.
Why is this happening?
[surprise]
[crying]
-I told you, I-
-You gotta stay warm.
[MIA]
Stop being so kind to me.
Could you forget
about what I just said?
And what happened earlier, too,
when I came into your room.
[AKEMITSU]
You want me to forget that?
Uh, kind of a difficult request.
I wish you'd just said yes,
even if it had been a lie.
How can I forget?
-You acted so out of character.
-[Mia laugh]
[MIA]
Out of character, huh?
[AKEMITSU] Did I accidentally
say something funny?
Well, the thing is,
that was actually the real me.
It seems like
no matter what I do,
I can't escape
from my true nature.
It's as if I'm cursed.
That's the reason
I came to Japan.
The reason you came here?
-How so?
-See-
And I'm hoping
you can forget about this, too.
My relatives and I
have a reputation
for being an erotic family.
[question]
[MIA] The line I come from
is long and distinguished.
[MIA'S MOTHER]
Listen well, Mia.
A woman who belongs
to the Christoph family
must always find herself
surrounded by people.
Right! Got it, Mother!
[MIA'S MOTHER] And those people
must be wildly attractive.
[laughing]
[MIA]
Oh, Mother. You're so cool!
[CLASSMATE 1]
Looks like we finally made it
to grade school, huh?
[FEMALE CLASSMATE 2)
I'm so excited.
[CLASSMATE 1]
Do you think we'll be able
to make a hundred friends?
[MIA]
That's a good question.
-Are you nervous about it, Mia?
-Yeah.
It sure won't be easy
finding myself a hundred lovers
like my mom did.
[shock]
[MIA] That's how I ended up
without any friends.
By the time I caught on,
it was already too late.
Pretty much everyone avoided me
like the plague.
-[Mia notice]
-[Kagura giggles]
[MIA] What about having
two boyfriends?
[KAGURA]
That's pretty erotic.
[MIA]
And picking up men?
[KAGURA]
Definitely erotic.
[MIA]
Then, pillow talk?
[KAGURA]
You guessed it, erotic!
[MIA] Being wholesome
is harder than I imagined.
Oh, Mia.
Don't know if you've heard,
but Japanese Zen Buddhism
is totally having a moment.
Is it?
[KAGURA] To be honest,
it's a subject I myself
have always been
very interested in.
[MIA] When Kagura
shared that with me,
I knew it was my chance.
At a convent in Japan
where men are forbidden
and the Christoph
name is unknown,
I could become
an entirely new person.
And yet ever since
you showed up here,
I've been in agony!
I'm no better off now
than I was before!
No. Wait.
It's not fair
to blame it all on you.
[smile]
I'll be fine.
It's probably for the best
if I move out, though.
-[crying]
-Hey, what are you crying for?
[AKEMITSU]
We're in the same boat!
[Mia shocks]
I feel so close to you now.
I never realized somebody else
was going through this, too!
-It hasn't been easy, has it?
-Nuh-uh!
[realize]
[MIA] What a coincidence.
Or could it be fate?
-Maybe with him, I could-
-[crying]
I never learn, do I?
Once again, I let myself
get all carried away.
I'll keep running
from the Christoph family,
and now from Akagami.
[AKEMITSU]
Let's fight on, Mia!
Together!
It's so encouraging
to have an ally!
Side by side, we'll pursue
the path of enlightenment!
I wouldn't want to interfere
with your training.
[AKEMITSU]
Interfere away. I don't mind!
I have to admit,
part of me still thinks
you're only interested in me
for my body.
That's right!
I mean, wrong!
I want you
as a training partner.
[MIA] I can't promise
I won't get turned on.
[AKEMITSU]
Again, you, me, same boat.
[MIA] Good point.
We'll stick together.
It's settled, then?
Yeah!
Ta-da!
Yo! Sup?
How long were you out there?
-Whole time.
-Why didn't you help us?
[KAGURA]
Now, now.
What's important
is you two patched things up.
I don't suppose
you'd have any interest
in performing penance
all night long?
-[determined]
-[smile]
Bring it!
With my new ally beside me,
I'm filled with courage!
[MIA]
We can do this!
[AKEMITSU, MIA]
Hip, hip, hooray!
[question]
[Kagura humming]
[YUZUKI]
Kagura? What are you-
[MIA] Akagami,
you're almost there.
[AKEMITSU]
Here I come, Mia.
[realize]
It's fine. They're
performing penance. See?
[panting]
I know you can make that hand
go farther than that!
Yeah! You got it!
[AKEMITSU] Hey, Mia.
I'm bumping into something.
[MIA]
Just stick it out, Akagami!
-Hey! Yuzuki!
-[notice]
[YUZUKI]
What is this?
Here, check it out.
The two of them
have been going at it
ferociously
all through the night!
[grunts pants]
All night, you say?
[panting, laughing]
[YUZUKI]
Stop it!
What, did something happen?
I dunno. But she seems mad.
-Nonsense.
-[question]
-[KIKI] By the way, Yuzuki.
-Yeah?
You appear to be
awfully relaxed,
but what about
your matchmaking meeting?
-It's today, right?
-[question]
Isn't that a pretty
important meeting?
Like, the temple's future
depends on it?
[question]
I'm going to be so late!
Okay, where's the meeting?
Ryukoku Temple.
Think you can make it?
Barely, and
that's if I catch the next bus!
So in other words,
we better keep running!
Then there's my kimono.
I'll need to change somewhere!
I worked at a kimono shop,
so I can help!
[YUZUKI]
You did that, too?
[AKEMITSU] Hey. You think
you should let him know
-you're running late?
-[YUZUKI] No way!
I have to make sure
this goes perfectly,
for all our sakes!
And why is that, exactly?
[YUZUKI]
The truth is, as things stand,
we're actually supposed
to move out of the temple
as soon as possible.
[question]
[YUZUKI] My parents are priests,
but don't reside at the temple.
And since
there's no head priest around,
our family has no right
to live there.
We're only there now
because Kiki's helping us out.
But we can't expect her
to stay forever.
I was told that once
I graduate high school,
the temple will be closed.
[shock]
Unless this matchmaking meeting
is a big success,
and a new head priest moves in.
[AKEMITSU]
Wow.
So you'd get married
just to save the temple?
Are you really okay with that?
It's my decision to make
and no one else's.
I'm not going to allow
the temple to be closed!
You'll get there in time!
I promise!
♪
[YUZUKI] After all that,
we missed the bus.
And there's no way
we can run that far.
[AKEMITSU]
Yuzuki!
This guy's gonna loan us
his scooter!
[YUZUKI]
When did that happen?
-Hold on tight, okay?
-You sure you can do this?
I know all the shortcuts.
Used to work part-time
as a deliveryman.
Seriously?
What job haven't you had?
[YUZUKI]
We ran out of gas.
Is that the bus?
Let's hurry!
♪
[YUZUKI]
Who mistakes a truck for a bus?
I must be a real idiot.
An absolute idiot,
and don't forget
completely useless.
Miss Third Daughter's head.
Stop that!
She's a useless,
perverted idiot.
Be that as it may,
you're not helping,
all right? Stop!
[YUZUKI]
I'm sorry, Akagami.
I'm afraid I let your efforts
go to waste.
I thought I could do it.
Save the temple.
But maybe it's hopeless.
Yuzuki.
[surprise, question]
This is your opportunity
to change.
Huh?
Your kimono!
Put it on now, and we'll
get out at the next flight!
[YUZUKI]
But...
And we'll borrow this truck
to get where we're going!
It's fine. As it happens,
I used to be
a truck driver, too.
Why would they let us borrow it,
though?
Eh, I'll throw some money
at 'em!
[YUZUKI] But you're already
in debt as it is!
[AKEMITSU] [laugh]
Hey, what have I got to lose?
Nothing,
and that's the problem here!
[laughing]
All right, then.
Here we go!
Time to get this kimono on,
and then we'll break
the door down!
That's the spirit!
[YUZUKI]
No matter what...
[YUZUKI, AKEMITSU]
We won't give up!
-This is bad.
-What's the problem?
Yuzu is- She's in a- a...
-Adachi?
-No, that's not it!
-She's in a lo-
-Love hotel?
Yes, good! No, wait!
It's bad!